---
title: 2022
date: 2023-01-01
params:
  lastUpdated: 2023-01-01
---

What a year.

At the end of last year, 2021, I felt that it had been the best year of
my life yet. Unfortunately, I can't say the same about 2022.

I made a helpful chart to illustrate the highs and lows of my year:

![A volatile chart, entitled "2022: A subjective, emotionally biased look back"](https://smlavine.com/images/2022.png)

2022 was a year of immense change. Who I lived with, where I lived, who
I spent time with, who I worked with. It forced me to examine who I am
at my core. What do I actually want to do with my life? Am I happy?

Reminiscing like this at the end of the year, looking bad at all of
those dips in that chart, makes me feel like it was just a sucky year
with no redeeming qualities. But that isn't true at all! The lows were
the lowest I have ever experienced. But with some luck, they'll stay
that way. I am very grateful for what I've got. I'm surrounded by some
of the smartest, funniest, nicest, hardest-working people I know. I've
got a new baby cousin. I've learned a lot, and I've still got a lot of
life left to live.

Despite it all, 2022 was a [good moviefilm](https://goodmoviefilm.com).

2023 will be a year of opportunity. By the end of it, I will only have
one semester of classes left before I graduate. I will have completed
one semester of a co-op and I will be getting ready for two more. It's
kind of sad, actually, just how fast this time is flying by. Yes, it's
stressful, but so is the rest of the world. Never again in my life will
I be surrounded by so many friends, or by so many clubs and people with
whom I share interests. I'm going to live to the fullest while I still
can.

I really have no clue at all what my life will look like a year from
now. But to the person I know is reading this on December 31, 2023:
I hope it all turned out okay.
